Add launch blog post for bulk cloud account onboarding (#20204)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/connect-your-cloud-accounts-to-pulumi-in-minutes/index.md

feature_image: feature.png
authors:
    - levi-blackstone
tags:
    - insights
    - esc
    - pulumi-cloud
category: product
schema_type: auto

# Social media copy — auto-posted to X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky when merged to master.
# Character limits: X ~280, Bluesky 300, LinkedIn 3000. Leave blank to skip a platform.
social:
    twitter: |
        Onboarding a cloud account to Pulumi Insights used to mean manual OIDC setup and a hand-written ESC environment. In a recent demo, we connected 14 accounts across AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud in about 3 minutes.

        Here's what changed.
    linkedin: |
        Getting complete visibility across your cloud footprint has always had a bootstrapping problem: before Pulumi Insights can scan anything, every account has to be connected. Connecting one meant manual OIDC configuration, a hand-written ESC environment, and per-account scan and policy setup. Multiply that by hundreds of AWS accounts, Azure subscriptions, and Google Cloud projects, and many teams stopped short of a complete picture.

>         We just shipped a different approach. In a recent demo, we onboarded 14 accounts across all three clouds in about three minutes, with no long-lived secrets stored in Pulumi Cloud, read-only access where security teams require it, and scans and compliance policies running from day one.

Reviewer: Is the demo published somewhere? If Yes, let's add a link. If not, let's keep it generic on how you can onboard in 3 minutes.

Author: The demo isn't published anywhere, so I went with the generic framing: the post and all three social blurbs now describe the capability ("a batch of accounts across all three clouds in about three minutes") without citing the demo or the 14-accounts figure. If we publish a recording later we can restore the data point with a link.

<!--more-->

## From hours of setup to a single flow

The time savings are real: in a recent demo, I onboarded 14 accounts across AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud in about three minutes. Setting up those same accounts with the manual per-account workflow would have taken hours to days.

The wizard handles the entire onboarding lifecycle for AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud:

- **Bulk discovery**: Authenticate once with your cloud organization and the wizard lists every account, subscription, or project you can access. Accounts that are already connected are recognized and skipped.
- **Automatic OIDC setup**: The recommended flows configure each account with short-lived credentials based on OpenID Connect (OIDC) and workload identity federation. No long-lived cloud secrets are stored in Pulumi Cloud.

> - **ESC environments, created for you**: The wizard generates the [Pulumi ESC](/docs/esc/) environments that previously had to be written by hand, following the same patterns as the manual OIDC guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ESC environments, created for you**: The wizard generates the [Pulumi ESC](/docs/esc/) environments that follow best practices - which previously had to be authored one by one. 
```

Author: Applied with a light copyedit: "The wizard generates Pulumi ESC environments that follow the best practices from the manual OIDC guides — environments that previously had to be authored one by one." Kept the reference to the manual guides so "best practices" stays concrete.

> - **Scans and policies from day one**: By default, scheduled discovery scans and a [pre-built compliance pack](/docs/insights/policy/policy-packs/pre-built-packs/) — CIS or NIST 800-53 — are applied to every account as part of setup.

Reviewer: Team SKU will get best-practices pack to include - let's add that.

Author: Added — the bullet now plan-qualifies the packs: the Pulumi Best Practices pack on the Team and Enterprise editions, or a compliance pack (CIS or NIST 800-53) on Business Critical, matching the pricing page. Also marked automatic policy remediation as Business Critical in the access-level section. One heads-up: the docs page in #20135 currently says CIS is the unconditional default and doesn't mention the Best Practices pack — it needs the same update so the two don't disagree.
